
(12/11/2018)This is not a diary. Well, it might be. It is a diary in the sense that I intend to only write about whatever crosses my mind. What’s a diary then? I guess this is a diary. Though, I might try to give structure to whatever it is that I’m going to write, I will do my best to not abide by any rules. This is purely my stream of thoughts or at least, what I hope it is. It can and most certainly will be incoherent at times but I would not mind that as long as I’m writing only what I perceive to be true. What is the goal that I intend to achieve with this? Right now, I do not know. There’s a vivid conviction within me that I’ll somehow find answers for my problems. Yes. I do have problems. At least, I see them as problems (We’ll talk about them a bit later). Or maybe I’ll see a recurring pattern in my thoughts. Maybe reading my thoughts instead of hearing them can help me put them into order. This is assuming that I might read this again. I have been told that I am possessed by a demon. Maybe I expect this demon to come out as I am writing this and manifest itself into words.  I am looking for a flow. A genuine flow of thoughts. I want my mind to be on “autopilot” while I write this down. This may be a way to access the unknown parts of my mind. By observing and expressing my knowledge I may stumble upon the unknown. I may slip. I might say something that I did not intend to stay. My goal is to ensure that this slip is, somehow, genuine. That’s what the flow will help me accomplish. Also, there is no way that someone could judge what I am writing. This is my stream of thoughts. There is no right and wrong. You find it incoherent? Of course you do! When was the last time you thought coherently for more than 2 minutes. It might be more. I don’t know. You get the idea. Also, I want to be in control when it comes to rules here. But ultimately I want my mind, or unconscious part to take the lead. Only when that happens, progress will be made. ALSO, I do not pretend to know much about literature. I may use broad terms to describe specific ideas but that doesn’t matter. Why? Because if this idea mattered I am sure that I would’ve looked for the right word to describe it. If it is broad, it’s because I don’t think it matters.

Maybe I will show this to someone else but only If I am certain that  it is as genuine as I could make it to be. I took inspiration from Dostoevsky's Notes From The Underground. I do not know why I picked this book. Sometimes, I think I try my best to understand every work of literature by doing heavy reading. I end up not reading at all because I get too confused. Maybe one day i will be able to understand Crime And Punishment without looking into several analyses and continue reading The Brother Karamazov. Maybe by writing, I will understand the Underground man. For now, I will just keep writing. I will write whatever comes to mind. I will try my best not to censure my ideas.I may not be as articulate as the Underground Man but maybe I will be more genuine. I think that’s a reasonable thing to aim for. Also, Some people may come to mind. I might not mention them, but I will try to describe what they mean to me and perhaps understand my relation with them better. I will try to point out edited sections, but I promise they will only be edited for the sole purpose of making them more true. I will not stop myself from repeating. Although it might not be literally unpleasant, I use it to assert myself. Speaking of assertion. To whom am I asserting besides myself? To whom might I be writing this to? For now, no one. This is an attempt to understand myself. Before I do that, I should try to find out who I really am. Maybe writing can help.

I started going to therapy. I had a pretty long hiatus from that. I chose therapy, this time, because I decided that  I will not take pills anymore. Although I may seem sincere, I still am considering taking them again. Also, I know that deep down I want to be diagnosed with something. At first, I thought it was me trying to romanticize my suffering. Because I am someone who, I believe, likes sympathy. I know that it is pathetic. But I also find the way it is pathetic to be romanticizing worthy ( I will use words that make sense to me because I do not intend to interrupt my stream of thoughts or hamper it by trying to fit my feelings into words that I am not familiar with). Back to therapy. We’ve established that I first thought that I was looking for sympathy by actively wishing to be diagnosed with a mental disease or whatever it is called. But going deeper, I realize that I genuinely wish to justify my suffering (or what I perceive as suffering, but because I get to decide what’s to be written here I will simply refer to it as suffering). I, strongly, believe that I have fallen in a dark place. I may have made up this place. I may have made myself this way by overly-victimizing myself. But Isn’t that a dark place in itself? I am talking about the constant search to justify one’s suffering? 

I will interrupt this to talk again about what I am trying to achieve by writing this.
Back to therapy again. I am getting tired. This is something I want to talk about. I easily get bored of everything that I attempt to do. I want to understand why. Maybe I don’t know where my real interests lie? Maybe I don’t know my real profit. This is interesting. I have always seen myself as someone without any goal. While I try my best to be a decent human being (however you might define it), I still don’t know what’s the purpose of my whole being. Whenever I ask myself this question, I find myself also thinking about religion. I was raised in a religious environment. I have been taught that

Will stop for now. I got bored. At least, that was true. I will not write as long as I’m bored. That’s something, I guess. I am starting to like this. I’m not sure if I’m going to keep mentioning whenever I stop. But that’s the cool thing about this. You never know. I may or i may not. Depends on what future Dhia thinks. Yes, that’s my name to whomever found this somehow and did not know to whom it belonged. That’s a lot of “whoms” for a session I guess. Will try to go deeper next time.

I will not talk about my anxiety when I’m stable. I will only talk about it when I am experiencing it. IN a way, I will not talk about my anxiety but, rather, I will let my anxiety talk about itself

(13/11/2018) I read what I wrote before and I feel that most of it is stupid if not pathetic. I still do not know whether it’s a sign that I’m writing genuinely or not. That should be the main goal of this. 
Currently, I have headaches. I want to mention this to see how it could affect my writing. I do not like using the word “depressed” to describe my state but, today, I may use it. As I mentioned before, I like to diagnose myself with something but not this particular thing. I am realizing right now that my wording is simple and basic. Does not matter as long as I am close to the flow. I am comfortable. I have never been this zen. I do not have to deal with everyday life but I know I should. Maybe when things get better, which I’m not sure they will, I can go back to my former self. Not that I have changed. But I can see the difference in both my behaviours and my thinking depending on whether I’m socializing or not. I think I am genuinely starting to not like people anymore. They seem shallow. What’s worse is that I think I’m shallow because I see people that way now. It seems like a cry for attention. But, again, to whom am I crying? Maybe, within me, I’m writing this to someone. Hopefully, I’ll get to know who that someone t is. I’m noticing that language has become a barrier. I do not feel that I am using my own words. Should I read more or should I read less? Maybe it’s late for me to consider the latter option. I’m already using language to write, maybe I should focus more on expanding my vocabulary to be more precise. I, also, am still not sure how reading more can help me. But i still believe that It can.

How do I write more genuinely? Understanding this is key. This is the core of whatever I am writing. Nothing else should matter. There are different aspects of myself. I cannot find the one true voice inside that could help me achieve this pure flow. These aspects are the different personalities in me that have been developed through interactions with people, interests, things that I don’t like, and myself. There’s the rational me that’s trying to put everything into order. I can see it emerge from time to time. It’s calling upon me to get my stuff together. It’s trying to make sense of the world so that it can see where I fit. I like it. This is the me that makes criticism tolerable. But at the same time, it doesn’t seem to be helping much in my situation. If anything, I think it’s causing more trouble. I’m past the state of emergency. I feel mostly numb. I am trying to be stable. But because of the rational me, I feel that I am responsible for this. Yes. because to my rational self, I am responsible of every small aspect of my life. It is my job to fix everything around and be better. But this doesn’t seem the right answer for now.

Nothing seems to come out of this so I will stop for now. My headache is getting worse.

The rational me requires honesty and concrete evidence to build up a solution. It has its very effective ways of functioning once it has enough materials to work with. But this is where the problem lies. From where does it get the truth? From another part of me that is unstable. One that is emotional and cannot draw logical conclusions of its own experience, and even worse does not provide raw interpretations to the rational me so the latter can do its work.

(10/03/2019)I decided to come back to writing my stream of thoughts. Several changes have happened since last time. I made some progress that I might get into later but there are still some aspects that only through introspection can be really understood. At least, that’s the conclusion I have come to. What I am going to talk about today is a recurring state that happens to me (or that I allow to happen) regularly. I think a good step would be to track it down. Spot the cycle/pattern and see where it could lead me to. Right now I am experiencing this state and I figured that the best time to understand it is by doing this type of writing in that state. First, let’s put a label on it. I will call it “the impulsive state.” Before I continue, I would like to mention that I am not completely sure that labelling my states would help me in the long run but since I am writing about it and have decided to break it down to myself, it means that it is something that repeats itself. It might have emerged from the same place or might have been the consequence of the same pattern of behaviours/thoughts. Therefore, naming it is helpful in this “analysis.” Now I will describe it. During my impulsive state, my attention span shortens, I become more agitated and my will to control my impulses weakens. More description: slight stomach aches, palpitations, cold limbs and tense lower back. As a result, I do not pursue activities that I have planned to do and, instead, engage in self-pleasuring activities to calm the urge to do them. It is a cycle of chaos that breaks my cycle of order. I describe it as a cycle because even though it disrupts the order that I have been trying to maintain, it feeds into its own pattern/order. I find myself between two cycles or patterns or structures. One that has been built my rational self and that seeks long term fulfillment and requires practice, discipline and combatting strong impulses. The latter does not require to be sustained for a long time but, rather, to be answered immediately. It creeps into my daily life and finds cracks in the former structure or a flaw that can be used against it to penetrate it and cause chaos. Once this cycle ends, I am left with guilt. This guilt, either triggers me to fix these “cracks” and flaws in my order structure or beg the latter to bring me more pleasure and I yield to the impulses. These impulses that, in the beginning, begged for my attention are now controlling me and I become the one that’s seeking them.

Here’s a question that presents itself here: do I fight these urges/this state or embrace them/it? And what does it mean exactly to fight them or to embrace them?

When I think of fighting, I think of suppressing, forcing, declining, rejecting, acting, and ignoring these urges. Is this a good mindset? Is it effective? If yes, is it the optimal option?

When I think of embracing, I think of understanding, being passive, accepting, and looking at the bigger picture. Same questions arise here. 

And is it possible to use both methods? Could they be combined both to form a third (or fourth option, if I consider giving up to these impulses to be one). What I fear right now is being too theoretical. After all, I made an observation of a concrete state that has been a nuisance to myself. Maybe I am getting my definitions wrong and basing my reasoning on false impressions and misconceptions. There’s no room for experimentation here. How do I use the abstract and apply to the concrete?

One of the things that I have been trying to do lately is to read more. Or rather, force myself to read. I think I am getting better at sustaining my attention. Maybe I’m finding books that suit me more. For now, I don’t know. The book that I am forcing myself to read right now is “Meditations” by Marcus Aurelius. I think that writing about the book I’m reading helps me to keep myself on check. I have often wondered about how exactly can a book improve me or whether or not I’m getting the most out of it. What I am trying to do is to mark down passages and insert them here, into MY stream of thoughts. If I think about it, that’s how reading a book works. The writer uses the language, that both me and him understand, to convey his perception of the world and I then try to adapt his writing to my own view of the world. I try to inject his well-written, condensed and polished stream of thoughts into the chaos and incoherence that is my OWN stream of thoughts. By bringing these passages here, I am doing the same thing but I can maybe view them better and be more analytical. So let’s try this and see what happens.
First, it’s important to note that the book’s structure is different than a usual one. It is not a narrative story or a single thesis that the author is trying to present. It is rather the life lessons Marcus has acquired over the years from his personal experience and from the teachings of people he admired/observed. They book consists, from I what I’ve read so far, of pieces of personal advice. I do not feel that he is teaching me something but, rather, sharing what he’s learned and inviting me to take it into consideration.




(16/01/2020)I think my lack of faith is my main source of unhappiness. I do not like my current state of being constantly layed down and being too lazy to do anything. I still am learning stuff here and there from the internet, but I only do that when I feel like it or when I can think clearly. I lack discipline and I do not like how I’m losing control over my body. Faith comes with discipline. I say that from experience. In my recent period of faith and clarity, I was able to dive deeply into matters such as pride, envy and jealousy. Unfortunately, I have lost that state and here I am writing about it a few months later (or a year later). I plan to go back to it.

What’s worrying me a bit right now is this slight fear that emerges from time to time during the day. I cannot perfectly describe how it feels, but I’ve noticed that it arises whenever I’m doing something more or less productive with my time. It comes right after that feeling of satisfaction with what I’m doing. I interpret it as my anxiety of losing that rare state of clarity in mind. Being unsatisfied has become the norm for me that it’s turning into a comfort zone of sorts. I paradoxically have both desires to leave it because who likes being unsatisfied anyway and staying in it because a change of “routine” may lead to disappointments. I think I have the idea that trying to “improve myself” is eventually going to lead to a failure in doing so. I realize that in theory, I may come off as the perfect stereotypical [person] that self-help gurus use to showcase their methods or just talk about to prove their points. That person who thinks that they’ve acquired enough data from their experience to conclude that going in that same route again is going to lead to failure. 

(01/03/2020) My thoughts are crippling. In my moments of clarity, I can gather enough strength to suppress them. But as soon as I let my guards down, they take over and I fall into this state of giving up and being disconnected with everything. Suddenly, all the plans and goals I’ve set up seem too stupid and my will to continue to push forward is completely gone. Although I have started to regain faith again, I feel that giving up to the malicious desires has more severe repercussions now. I hate my school. It’s full of incompetents who do not seem to care a bit about their academic performance. I realize that I may come off as someone who’s obsessed what I just called academic performance but I don’t think I’ve seen this level of indifference. Even though I’m constantly questioning myself and my self-esteem, I do not feel that I belong here. I do not feel that I connect with people around me: we do not share the same goals, we do not have the same perspective and certainly do not share a view on how things should be. I don’t want this to affect my level. And this is one of thoughts that keeps haunting me. My self-esteem is already broken from what happened and I don’t feel that I recovered from that. But now I have to keep resisting the influence of my surroundings. This is not a good situation. I know I’ll never let go of this thought. I feel that I have to prove myself even though I doubt myself most of the time. I did not feel comfortable surrounded by people who seemed better than me and now I have the same feeling towards people who just suck and are shallow. This hatred feels good but I know it’s damaging on the long term. This mindset needs to change. I hate not being able to tell what’s wrong with me. I believe that I’m sabotaged by something. But who’s gonna believe that except for my mother and sister and why the fuck do I feel the need to tell that to other people. Maybe because I tied my self-worth to my academic success so much that I do not consider myself who I’d like to be when I fail in that department. I’m not failing. I know I’m good. But sometimes I doubt it. But then the negative thoughts and the way things are make me question everything. Faith has helped me a lot but I can’t resist temptations that seem to ruin the momentum I’m trying to build. Even if I were bad, I know I’m not that bad to end up in a place like this. It sucks. It’s making waking up every morning even harder. I really don’t know how I’m gonna spend the next 5 years here. Something needs to happen. What scares me is that things seemed to have happened but I always end up in the same place. I’ve tried before. I thought I reached a good state of mind but then when I let my guards down, it all falls apart. I know that at that moment I’d be losing the momentum I’ve worked for but suddenly my idealist mind seems to not mind. Now it’s satisfied with I’ve done and it’s letting me have a break from these thoughts in order to let the temptations slip in. I hate this vicious cycle.    


(15/04/2020 01:01) I want to feel stuff more around me. I want to have intense emotions and be more connected and aware of everything around me. Everything is grey. Nothing excites me anymore (I hate how I always say this but it’s true). Even though I haven’t updated this journal in a while, it seems that change happens to me. Some things remain the same though. I should do it more often. Or I might just be saying this because I just woke up and it’s 1 am and this might be one of those temporary states of wanting to do stuff. It’s worthy to note that right now I feel comfortable. I’m not satisfied with myself but tonight I do not hate myself like I usually  do everyday. Yesterday I said something to my sister as a joke but I think it’s more significant now that  I think of it:
It seems that the way I’m careless and indifferent is intentional. I think my self-hatred is growing. I should be helping my family. I should be supporting my sister who’s had it way worse than I did but I actively choose not to because I want more reasons to hate myself. Of course I love them. Of course I don’t think that I should be laying down all day doing nothing while they’re doing everything. But it seems that this depressed image of myself needs to be nurtured and it’s become my new ideal. I’ve gotten to the point where I’m intentionally trying to fail school, the major cause of all my dissatisfaction and sadness, just to prove that this image is true. There’s a necessity for it to be true. Self-pity is the reason that comes to mind right now. I’m also realizing how funny it is that I’m highlighting the stuff that I’m writing down for myself. I hope I’m getting better at laughing at myself.

The loop: this journal has made it more apparent that there is some sort of loop. Escaping is apparently part of it. I’m talking about it more and more. Maybe I need to stop believing what I’m saying about myself. Could talking about something constantly make it actually true? Maybe this loop doesn’t exist. Or at least, escaping it might not be as hard as I believe it is. I like to rant a lot. I’m becoming more and more certain that my mind is my enemy. 

 I actually have the choice to be slightly happier. I can study today. I could do my homework. I could help around the house. I could help myself. I could exercise. But I actively choose not to because I like complaining. Because “slightly” is not enough  and I’m an unproductive idealist. Because I need to be depressed. Because I need people to pity me. I can do do all of that but I don’t want to . 

Will talk later about my relationship with people and how I want to please everyone and care a lot about my social status. I am angry at myself right now. Talk to you later.

I’m not good enough and I will never be. That’s how I really think of myself. Go fuck yourself. Sincerely.

(21/04/2020 20:35)

(19/06/2020 14:21) Hello again. I’d tell you what has happened with me during the past months but if things haven’t changed, then what’s the point? I’m going going back to therapy. A psychiatrist. And here’s my new perspective on that: I still think that what I have could not be fixed by meds or long hours of therapists telling me the exact thing I know. However, the physical symptoms have made it really hard for me to get things done. I want to reduce the physical pain because apparently it’s one of the main factors that cause me to get back into “the loop”. I can feel my mother’s deception because of my decision. But I can’t help it. Have I really tried anything? Am I really incapable of doing this all by myself? I am not sure of what I’m doing. I’m not thinking straight right now and haven’t been in the past days. School has had a remarkable toll on my mental health, I can tell. Not because it’s hard but because I feel that I do not belong here. Being there feels like a mistake. I have to do all the things by myself. 

Right now, I’m not torturing myself with a 1000-page book to satisfy my long-lasting need of proving how smart I am to myself. Bojack Horseman is the name of the show that I’m trying to numb myself with. I’m relating to the horse. 

I don’t know why I have to be neurotic about the things that I like. I overdo stuff thinking that that’s what hard work means. I lack consistency but I have yet to figure out what that means. Am I really a perfectionist?  

I thought I had nothing new but there is actually something. Depression episodes. Maybe they’ve been always present but with another form. Anyway, they’re now part of the cycle. I can be doing really good and thinking positively but there’s always something stupid that incites it and I fall into this episode that lasts for a few days (sometimes, for more than a week).

I still don’t know why I am writing this. Am I really draining my mind. I don’t even care if I’m in pain right now. But I’m bored now. Depressed, bored, numb but occasionally self-torturing.

(14/08/2021 01:22)Hello again. A lot of time has passed but let’s not get into that. Before I started writing this, I have gone through all that has been written before. I don’t know if I wasn’t descriptive enough of what was going on back then or I am no longer fully relating to it. I  don’t remember a lot of the stuff I’ve written. School doesn’t bother me as much as it used to. I’ve grown accustomed to it and I’m trying to learn stuff online and explore what I want to do in the future. Completed my first internship this summer and was managing a project in this school club. The latter was very time-consuming and I hated doing it for the most part. I don’t miss it and I may have learned a couple of things but I don’t like it. I still don’t like people a lot. Don’t get me wrong. I started hanging out more with friends and socially I am doing just okay but I still feel a bit lonely. I met someone this year that I loved and cared a lot for. She dumped me and I am surprised how it hasn’t affected me that much. What’s different is that now I’m trying concrete things to try and move on. I am going out more, talking with people more, trying to learn new stuff online etc. I think I’ve been trying to be too honest with myself lately that I’ve started to pay attention to thoughts and ideas that shouldn’t matter that much and that are malicious. Did I really care about her that much that I wanted to stay around to help? I hate the idea that she could move on especially that she chose to end things. Did she stop loving me at some point? Why would that matter? Does that diminish my self-confidence or make me hate myself more? Does it mean that I am starting to notice new aspects of myself that I don’t like. Most of these seem to be related to me. I do miss her and I do want to be with her again. It really hurts to think about how she’s stuck in her own mind but why did she exclude me. I know she wants to be friends which pisses me off. How could you be go back to being friends with someone that you once loved? Does that mean that she already moved on. But we haven’t talked for a while and she says she didn’t reach out because she missed me too much and feared she’s do anything stupid. I want this relationship. I want to be with her and I feel I can move on but Do I want to? I hated how the relationship became cold at the end. I hated how that person changed how they treated me and how it made my mind churn a lot of thoughts. I couldn’t stay still and it clouded my mind all day and I wasn’t able to do anything. The breakup was a bit of a relief because it meant that I wasn’t in the shell of that relationship and how it was supposed to be. I feel relieved that she admitted that that’s not her as a girlfriend. It meant that I wasn’t overthinking or making up stuff in my mind. I hate to to be worrying about stuff I shoudn’t worry about. But why? Why did all of this happen? Why did she push me over? I understand it but sometimes I don’t. Why do I keep talking about her? Am I really able to move on or am I not in touch with my emotions?





(23/08/2021 22:39) During my last relationship, I felt a tremendous amount of love that I felt like I was complete and was able to do anything I wanted to. I regained so much energy that it made me connect with who I was more. This is supposed to make me sad because that relationship ended and I no longer feel that type of love. But it was kind of a revelation. A true look into myself when love was present and fueled my actions and my thoughts. It made me realize that self-rejection and self-criticism were never the key to achieving whatever I wanted to achieve. Instead I want to re-experience this love again. This time, however, it has to come from within. This is what I’ve been lacking mostly throughout all these years: self-love and self-acceptance. It seems so obvious I know. It’s always the right antidote to most of the problems. But somehow, I got to truly experience what it would mean to have a good self-image. Is it possible to attain this state of self-acceptance where my mind is anchored on myself without it turning into self-aggrandizing? It seems possible but I genuinely do not know the true meaning of self-love to begin with. It’s worth it to note that right now I am not ruminating, I do not feel any physical pain and had quite a good day compared to the past days. I will maybe delve deep into what happened when I am actually in that state. I just hope I can gather enough energy to do so. 


(02/10/2021 12:59) Today I woke up early around 7 am just like every other day for the past month. I still don’t know why I keep waking up at the exact hour every day and It could be tied to the heartbreak. I stayed on the couch and scrolled through reddit to keep myself distracted from the dreadful morning monologue that has been bothering me since senior year of high school. After an hour, I went to the bathroom to do my very brief morning routine (washing my teeth, peeing and washing my face). I sat with my mother and sister wanting to talk to them about what was going on in my mind and knowing that it will end up with me raging and lost listening to what they had to say. I am still questioning whether I am starting to move on or not. I know that I am delaying it with my destructive habits: self-pleasuring, engaging in negative thoughts, laying in bed and scrolling through the internet, numbing my brain with videos I am not even interested in watching, listening to music, avoiding any type of responsibility like school work or helping around the house. I see the pattern clearly. I do know that these amount to nothing and that I am feeding the monster. But I have become too accustomed to this and too afraid to leave this comfort zone that I just keep feeding it. I tried being more conscious of my thoughts but it made me feel physically uncomfortable. I had nausea, palpitations, stomach pain etc …. I know that engaging with the thought will lead to nowhere but to me suffering and holding on to that suffering. But I was also afraid that I was maybe suppressing my feelings and that eventually the would resurface and gain strength. I had days where I felt in control and days where just a bad negative thought in the morning would send me down a spiral of ruminations and would make too distracted to try and be mindful. I know breakups are tough but is there something that I am not seeing clearly here? Maybe there is something clear and I am choosing to ignore it because I like being in this position deep inside. Here it is: my ruminations are the cause of my suffering. My deceptive brain messages (as the book I’m reading refers to them) are only there to hurt me. But I still can’t ignore that gut feeling of: what if I missed something. I mean I did miss out on something at the beginning. I did not realize that I was in a rebound relationship and that person genuinely loved me. The second thought helped me reconcile with the breakup and have more control  over it but with time I realized the truth: I was used as a bandage, the moments we had were an attempt from her to heal from her past and felt only intense because of her intense desire to suppress the past. I have arrived at this conclusion by ruminating over and over. It hurts. It is very painful but I’d rather build my closure on a truth than some wishful thinking. But one may wonder here, if I’ve already come to accept the harsh reality of things, maybe it’s time to call it quits with my mind and work on ignoring the negative thoughts. Now they only seem to serve as a torture device. all I know is that right now  I am observing myself doing all the wrong things that could hamper the process of moving on. But There’s also anger inside of me because that person wants to be friends and seems to have moved on so easily while I sit here not being able to move on with my life and obsessing over any idea pertaining to them. I want to send a long message expressing why I’m hurt and why I don’t want this person to be in my life anymore but then I’m reminded of the fact that this won’t change a thing. Why would I want to send that message? To vent and let it all out? but that will only work for a moment and then I’d feel guilty and that I was just lashing out at a person because of some unresolved internal issues. They had no intention of hurting me but I had every right to ask for distance and not to be friends again. Why can’t they get that? They got off easy the break up because they were never really in that relationship and maybe they’re only feeling guilty now but I don’t want that pity. I don’t want to  be looked at as someone who’s been dumped and should be felt sorry for. The more I think of this, the more I get angry and my mind starts to craft out the message that i will send and how the interaction will happen and how each one of us would feel and how I’d feel afterwards and that I need to tell them this but then I remember that they moved on and that this only matters to me.






 
I never intended to tell you this because I thought there was no point in dwelling on the past and it would only stir up toxicity between us. When I wrote the last message, I pretended to be okay with it as long as it’s all done and we didn’t have to interact anymore. But seeing that that’s become inevitable because we share the same friends group and if letting you know  means that you would be able to see things from my shoes and allow me to tell things as they are then so be it. The truth is that the last message you sent has been a very hurtful read and soldered a lot of doubts I had in my mind. I only chose to pretend it didn’t because, again, there was no point to discuss anything as everything has already ended. I realized that I was nothing more than a rebound despite how everything felt at the moment. I naively put all my trust in the fact that you moved on and were only left with scars and self-related problems. That’s what I always meant by not minding you talking about the past. Even though I know that no one has agency over their feelings, I never expected what happened with him  to linger even after all that time we had together and that you thought you’d forget him by being with me. It doesn’t feel good to know that I was really an accessory to amend for a past bad encounter. I also didn’t know that things were fragile to the point that if they’d reached out while together, it would’ve ruined things. It is hard for me to “cherish” the moments of the relationship with this information in mind now that I question their validity. They’ve now become a burden that I just want to get out of my head and move on with my life. Which brings me to my next point: with all I have mentioned above, I do not blame you at all or bear any anger towards you. You did not mean to hurt me and you are hurting yourself I understand. You didn’t force me into a relationship and I’m not entitled to be in one, I willingly chose to go in as well. All that I can get over with time. But I just want to call things as they are and I don’t like pretending or putting on a fake facade. I am not a saint  and I won’t try to understand everyone to please them or make them feel good about themselves. I also want  to get my inner peace and not hold any grudge against anyone. I appreciate you being nice and friendly but just because it’s easy for you doesn’t mean it is easy enough for me to wave back or hang around in future outings. And If this message makes you upset and doesn’t feel as wholesome as before then you know exactly why there’s no point to being around. 


(29/10/2021 14:42) I feel angry and I can’t contain it today. I keep questioning myself and whether or not I will get out of this. I feel that I have lived a lie and it keeps haunting me. She pisses me off and I want her out of my life but she doesn’t understand that. I feel very insecure about everything in me and how I believed all of that. For someone who claims to care about me, you seem to neglect the one basic request that I had. I have to get into a guilt trip everytime you talk to me. You fail to realize that having your own shit to deal with doesn’t invalidate mine or make them less valid. I deserve to be left alone and not be bombarded once in a while with your long messy rants that have no basis in reality. You are selfish in that you banalized what I’ve gone through for whatever reason while I repeatedly mentioned countless times that I don’t blame you. You have been nothing but disrespectful and apathetic. This has taken longer than it should and you have no right to blame me for not being around. Just leave me alone for god’s sake You going through tough times doesn’t mean that others are not too. I don’t want to be friends with you and at this moment I have lost every bit of respect I had for you. Caring about someone was never about avoiding to post stories that I don’t give a shit about  or creepily checking whether they went to one place or another or if they’ve talked with their friends. For me it’s about respecting a single request: leaving me alone. Accept that nothing you can do will help or make things better. I know how to deal with my shit and I will go to cosy or meet with my friends whenever the fuck I want to. All of this is none of your business and you have trespassed my boundaries by spreading the story to everyone you meet and I am forced to tell them the story again while I never wanted to. If all that is bothering you is how bad you feel about the situation or not wanting to seem like a bad person, I have to deal with all the shitty feelings and … sense of self-esteem that I am left with. You’ve only managed to make things worse. I’ve wasted enough time on this and I don’t intend to do that anymore. I am cutting the ties now for good and I will never bother explaining myself more to you because you’ve proven that you don’t listen and you don’t try to understand. Even if I were to move on from all of this you are not the kind of person I would want to be friends with. I hate that I have to be this rude and aggressive to get my point across but you should take responsibility for your own actions.

(30/10/2021 10:20) I think this is new uncharted territory. The past days, I’ve been trying to focus on that inner voice that tells me to get start to get my shit together and that no one but me can help me get through this. But what am I going through? The break up only bothers me when I think about it and usually it’s anger that arises. I realized that there are a lot of insecurities that I have been repressing.  I don’t like the way I look. I hate the nerd persona and I want to be appreciated more by people. My life feels pointless right now because I still don’t have anything to look forward to. I look at myself and I see someon who’s been neglecting themselves for far too long and craving momentary pleasures in order not to face his real issues that have been bogging them for their entire lives. I don’t feel alive and I’m just a passenger. I don’t have control and I was okay with that for too long until not having control started to make me realize how full of self-hatred I am and how the concept of self-love seems so foreign to me.  I know I can put in effort but why? what do I want to do? Why am I feeling insecure about my looks and why do I feel that everyone around can enjoy life while I can’t. Who the fuck am I? What do people think of me truly? Are there people that find me attractive and why am I really afraid of? Why don’t I seem to change? and why would I change? 
Right now, I have no other choice. I can’t keep living like this. My motives are not sustainable and my view of life is deeply flawed. I am afraid to have regrets. I don’t feel proud of the person that I am today. I don’t know what I want to be in life but this is certainly not it.


(11/11/2021 21:16)Today I cried. It’s been two years since the last time I did it. Although I have been suffocating these days like never before, I didn’t expect it. I’ve been waiting for this moment until it seemed like the mere act of crying would make things change. But it won’t. I feel scared and my mind is everywhere. I feel weak. I am down. I don’t feel like myself and I feel very lost. I don’t know what to do anymore and I feel stupid even complaining. This is the kind of person I like to be. I got sick of myself and my complaining. I feel sad and scared. I hate myself and I don’t know what to do to get out of this. My stupid life has been nothing but distracting myself from my problems to facing them and bitching about them until I bore everyone around me. I’m gonna die a miserable and pathetic person. Who the fuck would like to be with someone like me? What do I have to offer? I’m a fraud and right now I’m not even being genuine. What the fuck am I supposed to do? What the fuck does facing my problem mean when I don’t even know what the fuck I want to be in life. I really hate myself. I feel jealous of all those good looking people around me and how they enjoy their social lives while I’m just sitting here crying to my mother and being nothing but a liability to my family. What the fuck is this? Did I sign up for this? Who should I follow? Who should I listen to? I’m ugly and lazy. Where do I start? I feel weak and pathetic. I want to die. I don’t intend on comitting suicide but I don’t want to be alive. I’m falling into a pit. I’m stupid because I keep using those fancy words to describe myself or how I feel but the truth is is that I’m pathetic and I shouldn’t be alive. I don’t even mean that. I’m just looking for attention. I want respect. I want men to respect me and I don’t want to be treated like a weak bitch. I hate being rejected. I despise it. I hate people around me. I wish I could just scream at everyone but I’m just weak. I’ve settled on being mediocre because it’s comfortable. I’m pathetic. I like hurting myself and making myself miserable. Why can’t I wake up? Am I sleeping? What am I truly feeling? Is my anxiety making me a bitch? I don’t want to wake up tomorrow. I want to sleep and never come back to life. I don’t really mean it. I’m privileged and it’s made me a shell of a human being. I complain but never face my problems. As soon as I find a distraction, I run to it and avoid doing anything. My mind is obsessive and that has been spilled into all areas of my life including how I interact with people. People will start fleeing as soon as I reveal my true self to them. I don’t know what will happen next in life that will keep me distracted but remember this you pathetic shit, you won’t be happy. You will be running away from responsibility like a bitch because you’re hardwired to be a pathetic person and people will not notice that first but as soon as they get a sense of who you truly are and they will start fleeing because you’ll be a bore and a liability that no one would want around in their life. As soon as the “nice guy” persona doesn’t serve that much to keep people interested in you, you’ll revert to that toxic personality of yours and you’ll start being resentful and you’ll realize that you haven’t “changed” or gained a new perspective on life. You just romanticize your state because you’re just doing this to make yourself feel good and that’s all you’ll get from life: simply feeling good from time to time. A passenger in your own life and you’ll never have control of what's happening. You fukcign pathetic piece of shit. Stop trying and go die. Not because whatever you have is easy but because you’re just too pathetic to look at. And always remember: you’re ugly, you’re not half as smart as you think you are, you’re more insecure than you like to admit, you’re a coward, you’re not as nice as you seem (you’re toxic and resentful) and you’re very gullible.You’ll feel down in life and it’ll look like you’re reaching some sort of revelation, but you won’t. You’re hopeless and I hate you. You’re nothing and you’ll always be that way.







(18/12/2021 15:35) It’s been a month since I started therapy again. I took Carbamazepine and it only started working by the 3rd week. Life became bearable again. I feel a bit more alive and I can still manage to go through the day without the underlying feel of being stuck in a pit. It’s been such a relief. I don’t know whether what I’m doing is right or not but I know that two weeks ago, I reached a new rock bottom and I felt hopeless and that nothing would get me out of it. I still find it hard to focus on school and projects but I’m gonna observe that through the coming weeks. I do feel ecstatic and I see how I can be unrestful but it’s not too bad for now. I’m trying to work more on my social skills so I'm trying to go out more and get out of my comfort zone. I can enjoy most of the hangouts but definitely do not feel like the kind of kind of social I want to have. It feels forced now and I’m just settling for certain types of people just to find who to hangout with.
What’s still bothering me is how sometimes my thoughts can put me in a bad mood and I can’t explain why. I always say that it’s always tied to an unresolved issue: the breakup. I don’t talk much about it here. It’s the same thing that’s been going on in my mind. 

(12/02/2022 18:13) I don’t know if this is working or making any changes but I’ll keep trying anyway. I was afraid of being alone and my self-esteem plummeted. I made sure I go out as much as possible and ‘have fun’ to distract myself. It did help for a while but right now all I feel is mostly void inside. The same thoughts come to mind again and again. Sometimes they hurt and other times they don’t seem to be having much of an effect. I’m still not happy with myself or the way I’m dealing with things. I don’t feel stable and my mind is everywhere. I can’t focus on one thing and the moment my thoughts get overwhelmed, I just abandon quickly and feel hopeless. Deep down I’m disappointed at myself and don’t feel at all content with what I am at the moment, but that feeling gets skewed by my constant changes in moods. I still feel hate and resentment. I felt rejected and used. I know I’m putting myself in the place of a victim here but I feel too hurt. I can’t focus on my life. I occasionally give a shit but that’s just a passing whiff of motivation that doesn’t get me anywhere. It’s not that I lack discipline but I feel that I’m too sensitive to pain. I can only make progress with my goals when I’m feeling okay but I just can’t focus when all that’s going on in my head is how things ended, how the rejection hurts, how I have been abandoned and how she’s careless about all this. I hated her taking the moral hight ground. Asking to be friends was too insulting. I feel like I have too much anger but no way to direct it.

What’s also interesting is how I’m numb to things while overly-sensitive to others. I used to obsess over school and now I can’t bring myself to care about it. I used to not care about how  Iooked or about how girls perceived me, but now it’s all I think about. Having friends wasn’t something I focused too much on, but I know I am afraid of ending up lonely. My parents are disappointed in me which would usually cause me to freak out but right now it doesn’t affect me at all. I don’t know how I am. All I know is that I can’t stick to anything. I’m lazy, always distracted and constantly lie to myself.I have failed to change any of my ad traits. I just feel stuck in a loop. There isn’t anything that I can say I was proud of accomplishing. Nothing I ever did was of substance. I can’t bring myself to focus on anything and finish it.

 One of my underlying beliefs is that I cannot change. It almost seems like a certain truth that cannot be altered. Even if certain events might give semblance of change, they’re mostly just life happening to me and not me being the catalyst for that change. In fact, if I had one motivator in life it would be my insecurities. My insecurity of being seen as not smart, funny or losing people because they got bored of me. I care too much about the opinion of others. I don’t pay much attention to my actual needs. The ones that once met would lead me to a much more fulfilling life. There are so many of these wrong beliefs that are there and seem to be the driving force behind all of my other insecurities and lack of motivation in life. I’m judgmental of people and I hide it well. I have preconceived notions about people and myself that I refuse to share and even worse, pretend that I don’t believe in whenever I talk but in action they seem to be taking the wheel.

I give up on myself easily. The concept of resilience and holding on to something seems so strange to me. I know that discipline stems from a much deeper desire and attachment to some ideals. I either don’t have these ideals or have the wrong idea about being strong. Whenever I start to gain momentum in life, I always get skeptical of myself. In my mind, there hasn’t been a strong shift in perspective to warrant that momentum or this motivation. It wasn’t earned. It was just a whiff of motivation and me ‘wanting’ to do stuff because it seemed appealing at the time. But what could exactly help me hold on when there’s no motivation, when I’m feeling the pain and lost all hope of ever succeeding. Where do I find that?

So my fear in life would be that I’d either keep on going on like this until it’s too late for me to change. Because right now, I only get hints of how scary and miserable my perspective on life can be. Not enough fear for me to change but somehow enough for me to lose hope and give up.

I obsess about this person and how they live (in fact, with the one before) because I don’t think my life is interesting enough. There isn’t much going on that is exciting. I haven’t worked on someone who I’d rather watch as an observer and root for. But that’s the problem. I can’t love myself enough. I don’t feel proud of myself. I don’t know how I am or what my ideals are. What’s wrong and what’s right.

(22/02/2022 14:00) What do I want to focus on. What are the things that truly matter to me and that are beneficial to my life. Figuring this out would help me focus more on my life and not be miserable and self-loathing enough to focus on other peoples’ lives. Right now, I don’t feel happy with myself or my life. I don’t feel like myself so I start giving fucks about people around and my interactions with them. It has led me to also care a lot of what people think about me. Because deep down, I don’t know who I am anymore and I’m looking for that answer through other people’s perspective.


(27/06/2021) I thought I gained stability this year. No palpitations, no intrusive thoughts and not having to get lost in my mind without being able to stop it. Things happened very fast and I didn’t have time to react to each one of them. I feel anger, resentment, self-hatred, lost, unable, valueless, unmotivated, impulsive, indecisive, obsessive, unsecure, scared, dumb, malicious, evil, tired and unstable. I am not in control of what is happening to me. If life decides that everything around is gonna get better, then I feel good and just go with the flow, if it decides that everything around should conspire against me, then I freak out. 
It’s worthy to note that none of my problems are concrete or are tangible. I know that my mind is feeding me lies but like I said before that’s a problem in itself. I am weak. I am starting to hate that in me. Weak means that I collapse whenever I face a personal issue. I am unable to stand up for people around me. I complain too much. I get angry very easily and say stuff that I always regret to people. I talk about people I don’t like behind their backs. I become toxic and selfish when I’m experiencing anxiety. I am not a man in the sense that I cannot control myself or stay composed and unshaken in the midst of a chaotic situation. I am unable to keep my promises

(27/09/2021 13:08) I feel a bit relieved right now. It has been a tough morning of trying not to give in to the temptation of ruminations. A lot of uncomfortable physical sensations keep arising but I guess this is part of the whole process. It’s always been the same for me, giving in to the deceptive thoughts and thinking that I would get to a certain resolve once I dwell enough but the truth is I’ll never get that resolve. All my ruminations from the past have never amounted to something or made me “happier”. It’s intriguing how even though I know that, I keep failing and falling into the same pit again.  

